Fixed #36304 -- Added guidelines for function/class headers in documentation (#19397)
django/django: docs/internals/contributing/writing-documentation.txt

    Five
    ^^^^

* Add headers for functions, classes, and methods in reference documentation:

>   - Each function, class, method, or attribute in reference documentation should
>     have a header using the appropriate heading level based on document hierarchy.
>   - The header should be rendered as fixed width text by wrapping it with
>     double backticks.
>   - Use the exact name of the item as the header text. Headers for functions
>     or methods should have brackets appended, e.g. ``patch_cache_control()``.
>   - Place the header directly above the documentation concerned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Each function, class, method, or attribute in reference documentation should
    have a header using the appropriate heading level based on document hierarchy.
  - The header should be placed directly above the documentation and rendered
    as fixed width text by wrapping it with double backticks.
  - Use the exact name of the item as the header text. Headers for functions
    or methods should have brackets appended, e.g. ``patch_cache_control()``.
```
Just a small optimisation here - combining two items to make it flow slightly better and be more concise.

    Five
    ^^^^

* Add headers for functions, classes, and methods in reference documentation:

  - Each function, class, method, or attribute in reference documentation should

>     have a header using the appropriate heading level (typically "~~~~" style).

Reviewer 2: `~~~` is not used for many cases, I'd not recommend it.

>     have a header using the appropriate heading level based on document hierarchy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    have a header using the appropriate heading level based on document hierarchy.
  - The header should be rendered as fixed width text by wrapping it with
    double backticks.
```

I think we should standardise on having code blocks/double backticks around headers of specific class, methods, functions/attributes and it would be good to explicitly mention this.

>   - Use the exact name of the item as the header text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Use the exact name of the item as the header text. Headers for functions
    or methods should have brackets appended, e.g. ``patch_cache_control()``.
```

I think it might be helpful to explicitly declare this in the guidelines.

>   - Place the header directly above the directive documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Place the header directly above the documentation concerned.
```
I think this flows better.

>   - For better accessibility and navigation, ensure these headers are
>     consistently applied across all reference documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I don't personally feel this line is necessary. People who are writing documentation should not need to ensure that the headers are consistently applied elsewhere - it should already be so.

  For example:

  .. code-block:: rst

>     patch_cache_control()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``patch_cache_control()``
```

>     ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 2: Underline should have the same number of characters as a function name, it's wrong in both examples.
```suggestion
    ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

>     ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: It seems in most cases that we use the `-----` style header, instead of `~~~~~`. I think that it may be more appropriate to specify the `-----` style here.

    .. function:: patch_cache_control(response, **kwargs)

>         This function patches the Cache-Control header.

Reviewer 2: If you've already copied a fragment of documentation, please do this precisely 
```suggestion
        This function patches the ``Cache-Control`` header.
```
The same for both examples.

>     get_max_age()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``get_max_age()``
```

    -------------

    .. function:: get_max_age(response)

        Returns the max-age from the response ``Cache-Control`` header.

>   This approach ensures:
> 
>   - Better navigation through the table of contents
>   - Improved accessibility for screen reader users
>   - Consistent documentation structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This approach ensures that all individual items are listed in the table of contents
  and improves accessibility for users of screen readers.
```

I think it's helpful to briefly note why we want this, but I don't think the verbose list is necessary.
